Minimal Seed Data for Admin Onboarding (#14385)
forem/forem: docs/tests/e2e-tests.md

### 1. From the command line, run `yarn e2e`

Note: If you want to run E2E tests that do not require seeded data, run

> `yarn e2e:minimal-seed`. Some tests, like the admin onboarding require there to

Reviewer: Nitpick (non-blocking): Consider a shorter command name.

```suggestion
`yarn e2e:minseed`. Some tests, like the admin onboarding require there to
```
